>> Mike North: Let's see if we
can make this exercise work.
We already, in the back-end,
it's a very rudimentary setup.
But when you check out, when you complete
an order, after about ten seconds,
you'll get a notification that your
grocer has started to shop, and
started to pick your order up, right?
So currently what's happening is it's
gonna go into the database, look for
all of the push subscriptions, and it's
gonna send a notification to each of them.
Currently there's nothing in this table so
it's iterating over an empty list and
nothing happens.
So, we want to add a record to this table,
and we can do so through the API,
in your apiplayround.http, there's
an example of sending this request.
Once you send that request over,
now when you check out,
you should get a push notification.
And you're going to want to, in your
service worker, just your SWJS file,
you're gonna wanna add
an event listener like this,
you could just start with a debugger in
there, and you should receive some data
that represents what looks
like a little notification.
So, I'm going to do this exercise
a little bit differently when I solve it,
I will definitely stop and show that
we can get this notification here.
There is one last service worker lesson I
wanna make sure that I teach you before I
pass the ball back to Steve, and that is
the idea of having a kill switch, right?
So, has anyone today like been fooled
a little by their service worker?
Maybe you have [LAUGH], yes,
Steve right now all day.
But these things can go wrong
sometimes and they're doing very
critical things, and
if they make mistakes things can be bad.
It's a good idea to have like
the ability to receive a push or
some mechanism by which the service
worker basically unregisters itself,
it uninstalls itself.
So that you're not on the phone
with some user trying to tell them
to open up Dev Tools and
click links and things like this.
This is a way remotely get back
to non-progressive mode, and
start from scratch, start clean.
So, in this case, I'm gonna activate
this killswitch by way of a web push,
and I'm gonna send just
the string TERMINATE in all caps.
And I want when we get a message
that looks like that, for
us to just call
self.registration.unregister.
That's the equivalent of clicking
the unregister link in your
service worker tab, so
we'll have the means of doing that.
The one last thing I wanna
show you it's the method
that I would use to fire that switch.
So, this web push library is excellent and
it provides us on the CLI
the ability to send a message
without going through our app.
This is nice because I could terminate
a service worker without having to deploy.
All right, I don't have to interact with
my application, just with the data itself,
with the application itself,
with the keys, with the vapid keys.
I can send something that looks like this,
and the browser will get it.
It's just a matter of having
all of the right data.
So you could obviously make this a lot
nicer and maybe have a little script that
would talk to your database, and by user
ID terminate their service worker, and
inside it would be assembling
all of this stuff here.
But I just want you to know that
this is a nice flexible thing.
And that having an off button
on your service you can use to
remotely take a harmful one out,
is a good idea.
Not necessarily to destroy the cache, but
to set it back to unregistered so
it re-installs itself.
All right, so with that,
let's try to create a push subscription.
And then in our service worker,
setup something that listens for
the push event, verify that we
can see this stuff coming in.
And I'm gonna go through and
implement the kill switch when we
come back in about 20 minutes.